Add Nightly tests docs in the CONTRIBUTING page (#586)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Nightly Tests

Each public API method in the SDK is covered by a test case in the `nightly-tests` module. All test cases are executed on a Bitrise emulator by a Datadog Synthetic Test every 24 hours. Each test case
output is measured by 2 Datadog Monitors (one for performance and one for functionality). There are some best practices when writing a nightly test as follows: 

- The test method name must follow the following format: `[rootFeature]_[subFeature]_[method]_[additionalInfo]` where:

    1. `rootFeature` is one of the top level features (logs, rum, apm, et)
    
    2. `subFeature` is the feature under test (logger, monitor, …)
    
    3. `method` is the method under test (not necessarily exactly the exact method name but the purpose of the feature from a customer’s PoV, e.g: DataScrubbing)
    
    4. `additionalInfo` is some context to distinguish multiple test on the same method (could be related to the argument, the context, a state)
    
- We need to add an identifier in the method documentation following the method signature in the [apiSurface](dd-sdk-android/apiSurface). 
  This will be used by our test coverage tool.
  

> - Each tested Public API call has to be scoped inside a Span which will be used in the performance monitor.

Reviewer: This part doesn't necessarily need to be public, since third party contributors can't create monitors in our testing org

Author: Which one ? the last point about the `performance monitor` or the whole best practices ? I would rather keep the first 2 points.

Reviewer: No just the last line about creating a performance monitor

- `fun verifyMockMatchesState(mock, [args])`: methods verifying that a mock’s interaction. These methods must be of Unit type, and only call verifications with the Mockito framework.
- `fun setupSomething()`: method to setup a complex test (should only be used in the Given part of a test).

### Nightly Tests

Each public API method in the SDK is covered by a test case in the `nightly-tests` module. All test cases are executed on a Bitrise emulator by a Datadog Synthetic Test every 24 hours. Each test case
output is measured by 2 Datadog Monitors (one for performance and one for functionality). There are some best practices when writing a nightly test as follows: 

- The test method name must follow the following format: [rootFeature]_[subFeature]_[method]_[additionalInfo] where:

>     1. rootFeature is one of the top level features (logs, rum, apm, et)

Reviewer 2: probably it is better to apply code span to the `rootFeature` name and also to the cases below.

    
    2. subFeature is the feature under test (logger, monitor, …)
    
    3. method is the method under test (not necessarily exactly the exact method name but the purpose of the feature from a customer’s PoV, e.g: DataScrubbing)
    
    4. additionalInfo is some context to distinguish multiple test on the same method (could be related to the argument, the context, a state)
    
- We need to add an identifier in the method documentation following the method signature in the [apiSurface](dd-sdk-android/apiSurface). 
  This will be used by our test coverage tool.
  

> - Each tested Public API call has to be scoped inside a Span which will be used in the performance monitor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each tested Public API call has to be scoped inside a Span which will be used in the performance monitor.
```

> We have created a Live Template that you can add in your development environment (AndroidStudion, IntelliJ) to ease your work when creating a nightly test:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have created a Live Template that you can add in your development environment (Android Studio, IntelliJ IDEA) to ease your work when creating a nightly test:
```
